.\"  Copyright (c) 2004 Peter Antoine.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\"  See the accompanying file licence.txt.
.\"  If this file is not present, the documentation and code are released
.\"  under the artistic licence.
.\"
.\"  vtags.1 by Peter Antoine.
.\"
.\"  (this file is based on unzip.1).
.\"
.\" =========================================================================
.\" define .EX/.EE (for multiline user-command examples; normal Courier font)
.de EX
.in +4n
.nf
.ft CW
..
.de EE
.ft R
.fi
.in -4n
..
.\" =========================================================================
.TH VTAGS 1L "20 September 2007 (v0.8)" "VTAGS"
.SH NAME
vtags \- VHDL TAGS file generator.
.PD
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBvtags\fP[\fB\-r\fP] [\fB\-R\fP] [\fB\-u\fP] [\fB\-q\fP] [\fB\-e [file_extension,[file_extension,[...]]\fP] [\fB\-f file_path\fP] \fB[path,[path,[...]]\fP
.PD
.\" =========================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIvtags\fP will generate a \fItags\fP file that can be used by tagging editors
like vi(m). It is designed to generate tags from VHDL '87 files. It should work
with later versions of VHDL but does not support all the language constructs. The
most important of these being 'configuration'. 
It will generate a tags file that is compatible with ctags generated
files. This means it should work with any tagging editor. But this has only been
tested with vim.
.PD
.\" =========================================================================
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.IR path_list [path,[path,[...]]
This is a comma separated list of files and directories that are to be searched
for files that match the extension list (or the default one). This files will
be used to generate the tags file.
.TP
.B \-e [file_extension,[file_extension,[...]]
\fBExtension List\fP.
This is a comma separated list of file types that will be searched. The default 
is vhdl,vhd. These will be searched both as upper and lower case.
.TP
.B \-f file_name
\fBTags File\fP.
The TAGS file to generate. If this is not present it will
default to "./tags". If name = '-' then its written to stdout.
.TP
.B \-l  [1|2]      
\fBFormat level\fP.
.EX
Level 1 not extensions, just the basic tags.
.EE
.EX
Level 2 add the extensions (;") stuff.
.EE
.\" =========================================================================
.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B \-R
\fBRecursive\fP mode. 
This will cause the program to search the sub-directories as
well.
.TP
.B \-r
\fBRecursive\fP mode. 
same as above.
.TP
.B \-u
\fBUnsorted\fP mode.
This will generate an unsorted tags file.
.PD
.\" =========================================================================
.SH URL
The VTAGS home page is currently at
.EX
\fChttp://www.peterantoine.me.uk/vtags.html\fR
.EE
.PD
.\" =========================================================================
.SH AUTHORS
VTAGS has been written by Peter Antoine.
.PD
.\" =========================================================================
.SH VERSIONS
.PD 0
.IP "v0.8\t20 Sep 2007" \w'\t\t'u
.PD
